peko setup [OPTIONS]

Installs or updates the Peko development environment under ~/.Peko.

Downloads the Compiler SDK and the linux and android toolchains from the
public releases, provides the Apple SDKs through xcrun (on a macOS host),
installs the std and pekoui packages globally, lays in the toolchain
descriptors, records a versions manifest, and configures PATH. On a
machine that already has an install, it refreshes only the components
whose release has changed.

The Windows toolchain (MSVC CRT and Windows SDK) is optional and comes
through xwin. It is distributed under the Microsoft license, so it is
installed only when requested with --windows and the license is accepted
with --accept-microsoft-license.

The running peko binary places itself; setup never downloads a CLI. It
also writes LICENSE and THIRD-PARTY-NOTICES.txt into the root, and on a
Unix host writes <root>/env and adds a source line to .zshrc, .bashrc,
and .profile. On Windows it sets PEKO_ROOT_PATH and the user PATH.

Both version flags select the newest stable release when omitted.
Prereleases and non-version tags are skipped, so a release candidate is
only installed by naming its tag.

OPTIONS
    --peko-version <TAG>  take the toolchain descriptors from a specific
                          peko-tools release (default: the latest
                          stable). This does not change which peko
                          binary is installed.
    --sdk-version <TAG>   install a specific SDK / toolchain release
                          (default: the latest stable)
    --windows             also install the Windows toolchain via xwin,
                          and the WebView2 SDK headers from NuGet
    --accept-microsoft-license
                          accept the Microsoft license for the Windows
                          toolchain. Required with --windows; without it
                          setup stops rather than skipping Windows.
    --force               reinstall every component even when its release
                          is already current
    --check               report whether a newer release is available
                          without installing anything, then exit
    --json                emit newline-delimited JSON progress events for
                          tooling (used by Peko Studio). --check reports
                          its result as a JSON event only when this is
                          also passed.

EXAMPLES
    peko setup
    peko setup --sdk-version v2.0.0
    peko setup --windows --accept-microsoft-license
